add Release drafter (#794)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3-plugin-compatiblity.md

---
name: "💥 Plugin compatibility"
about: Create a plugin compatibility issue report
---

### Your checklist for this issue

🚨 Please review the [guidelines for contributing](../blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) to this repository.

> - [ ] Create an issue on [issues.jenkins-ci.org](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org), that is commonplace to report plugin issues

Reviewer: This doesn't really make sense to me:
> that is commonplace to report plugin issues

Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- [ ] Create an issue on [issues.jenkins-ci.org](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org), set the component to the plugin you are reporting it against
```

Author: :+1:
